To make me suffer in this way
Make me nostalgic
You will suffer
Do you feel guilty?
I've seen it all
Little master, but my eyes are too big
Yes.
It must be true.
The choice is real
And you know what?
The beast meets its favorite prey
I don't want to touch
But leave a romantic mark on them
representative
No other wild teasing is allowed
This is the first alliance my sister gave me
I hope this trace will disappear too
buddy
Dude, dude, you can get me out of here
This is simply not a place where you can stay
Dude, you dislike me.
You can't leave me alone.
Yes, you are my precious goddaughter.
I just saw you become like this
Blind blind
Don't worry.
I will definitely find a way to get you out
But